the bodies of more than 100 Palestinians
who died at elifa and B hanon hospitals
have been buried in a mass grave in
kanun in southern Gaza the bodies have
been stuck at the hospitals for several
days as the Israeli Army refused to
allow them to be moved the Gaza Health
Ministry says 14,1 128 Palestinians have
been killed in Israeli attacks yumna has
more from Khan
yunes what you see behind me here is a
mass grave that is being d inun is the
southern Gaza Strip for
110 Palestinians who have been killed in
Israeli attacks these Palestinians
bodies have come from a shifa hospital
in Gaza City where they were held but
their bodies have decomposed because of
the lack of electricity and fuel to
operate the morgs at
aifa men women and children all together
buried in this Mass grave because of the
lack of enough Graves and these
Palestinian bodies here the doctors tell
us are without known identities they
have come in this container being
transferred to the southern strip where
they can all be at last buried after
being held for so long in the premises
of a
hospital this Mass grave contains 110
male and female MERS they have started
decomposing because their bodies were
not kept in cold conditions and now they
are being buried in this m grave
thousands of Palestinians have been
killed in different Israeli attacks they
haven't even found the honor of being
buried in a proper grave on their own or
their families to pray for their
peace elazer kanun in the sou Gaza Strip